abonować	zaabonować	dk
analizować	przeanalizować	dk
bankrutować	zbankrutować	dk
betonować	zabetonować	dk
betonować	wybetonować	dk
bełtać	zabełtać	dk
biegać	pobiegać	dk
brudzić	pobrudzić	dk
brudzić	ubrudzić	dk
brudzić	wybrudzić	dk
brudzić	nabrudzić	dk
buchać	buchnąć	dk
budzić	dobudzić	dk
budzić	obudzić	dk
budzić	pobudzić	dk
budzić	poprzebudzać	dk
budzić	przebudzić	dk
budzić	rozbudzić	dk
budzić	wybudzić	dk
budzić	wzbudzić	dk
budzić	zbudzić	dk
burzyć	zburzyć	dk
całować	pocałować	dk
całować	ucałować	dk
cedzić	przecedzić	dk
chcieć	zechcieć	dk
chować	przechować	dk
chować	schować	dk
chować	pochować	dk
chować	wychować	dk
chować	odchować	dk
chować	podchować	dk
chować	uchować	dk
chować	dochować	dk
chrzcić	ochrzcić	dk
chrzcić	przechrzcić	dk
chłeptać	wychłeptać	dk
cofać	wycofywać się	dk
cytować	zacytować	dk
czekać	zaczekać	dk
czekać	poczekać	dk
czekać	odczekać	dk
czekać	doczekać	dk
czerpać	zaczerpnąć	dk
czerpać	wyczerpać	dk
czesać	uczesać	dk
czesać	poczesać	dk
czesać	przeczesać	dk
czesać	rozczesać	dk
czesać	wyczesać	dk
czesać	sczesać	dk
czeznąć	sczeznąć	dk
czuć	poczuć	dk
czuć	uczuć	dk
czuć	poczuwać	dk
czuć	odczuć	dk
czuć	wyczuć	dk
czuć	przeczuć	dk
czytać	odczytać	dk
czytać	przeczytać	dk
czytać	rozczytać	dk
czytać	wyczytać	dk
czytać	zaczytać	dk
dbać	zadbać	dk
dedykować	zadedykować	dk
dementować	zdementować	dk
demontować	zdemontować	dk
diagnozować	zdiagnozować	dk
dmuchać	dmuchnąć	dk
doceniać	docenić	dk
dochodzić	dojść	dk
doić	wydoić	dk
doić	udoić	dk
doprowadzać	doprowadzić	dk
dostarczać	dostarczyć	dk
dostawać	dostać	dk
dotykać	dotknąć	dk
drażnić	podrażnić	dk
drażnić	zadrażnić	dk
drgać	drgnąć	dk
drgać	wzdrygnąć się	dk
drylować	wydrylować	dk
drzemać	zdrzemnąć się	dk
dymać	wydymać	dk
dyszeć	wydyszeć	dk
działać	zadziałać	dk
działać	zdziałać	dk
dzierżyć	zdzierżyć	dk
dziwić	zadziwić	dk
dziwić	zdziwić	dk
dziękować	podziękować	dk
edytować	wyedytować	dk
egzaminować	przeegzaminować	dk
esemesować	odesemesować	dk
fruwać	frunąć	dk
gadać	dogadać	dk
gadać	obgadać	dk
gadać	pogadać	dk
gadać	przegadać	dk
gadać	rozgadać	dk
gadać	ugadać	dk
gadać	wygadać	dk
gadać	zagadać	dk
gadać	zgadać	dk
gadać	zgadnąć	dk
gasić	dogasić	dk
gasić	pogasić	dk
gasić	wygasić	dk
gasić	zagasić	dk
gasić	zgasić	dk
gotować	przegotować	dk
gotować	ugotować	dk
gotować	zagotować	dk
graniczyć	ograniczyć	dk
grozić	zagrozić	dk
grozić	pogrozić	dk
gryźć	pogryźć	dk
gryźć	ugryźć	dk
gryźć	zagryźć	dk
gryźć	zgryźć	dk
grzebać	pogrześć	dk
grzebać	pogrzebać	dk
grzebać	rozgrzebać	dk
grzebać	zagrzebać	dk
grzebać	przegrzebać	dk
grzmieć	odegrzmieć	dk
grzmieć	odgrzmieć	dk
grzmieć	przegrzmieć	dk
grzmieć	rozgrzmieć	dk
grzmieć	zagrzmieć	dk
grzęznąć	ugrzęznąć	dk
gwizdać	wygwizdać	dk
gwizdać	gwizdnąć	dk
gęgać	gęgnąć	dk
gęgać	zagęgać	dk
głosować	przegłosować	dk
głosować	zagłosować	dk
haftować	wyhaftować	dk
haftować	zhaftować	dk
hamować	zahamować	dk
hamować	wyhamować	dk
identyfikować	zidentyfikować	dk
imponować	zaimponować	dk
jadać	objeść	dk
jadać	podjeść	dk
jadać	wyjeść	dk
jadać	zjeść	dk
jonizować	zjonizować	dk
jąkać	zająknąć	dk
karać	pokarać	dk
karać	skarać	dk
karać	ukarać	dk
kastrować	wykastrować	dk
kicać	kicnąć	dk
kichać	kichnąć	dk
kichać	przekichać	dk
kierować się	nakierować	dk
kierować się	wykierować	dk
kierować się	przekierować	dk
kierować się	skierować	dk
klękać	uklęknąć	dk
klękać	przyklęknąć	dk
kochać	odkochać się	dk
kochać	zakochać się	dk
kochać	pokochać	dk
kontrolować	skontrolować	dk
kopać	wykopać	dk
kopać	przekopać	dk
kopać	zakopać	dk
kopać	odkopać	dk
kopać	okopać	dk
kopiować	skopiować	dk
kosić	skosić	dk
kosić	zakosić	dk
kraść	okraść	dk
kraść	wkraść się	dk
kraść	zakraść się	dk
kraść	ukraść	dk
kraść	skraść	dk
kroić	dokroić	dk
kroić	nadkroić	dk
kroić	okroić	dk
kroić	pokroić	dk
kroić	przekroić	dk
kroić	przykroić	dk
kroić	rozkroić	dk
kroić	ukroić	dk
kroić	wkroić	dk
krzyczeć	krzyknąć	dk
krzyczeć	pokrzyczeć	dk
krzyczeć	nakrzyczeć	dk
krzyczeć	skrzyknąć	dk
krzyczeć	wykrzyknąć	dk
kukać	kuknąć	dk
kukać	zakukać	dk
kukać	wykukać	dk
kukać	okukać	dk
kumać	pokumać	dk
kumać	skumać się	dk
kupować	kupić	dk
kusić	podkusić	dk
kłamać	skłamać	dk
kłamać	okłamać	dk
kłusować	pokłusować	dk
kłuć	ukłuć	dk
kłuć	nakłuć	dk
kłuć	przekłuć	dk
kłuć	wykłuć	dk
kłuć	zakłuć	dk
lansować	wylansować	dk
latać	wylecieć	dk
latać	polecieć	dk
latać	nadlecieć	dk
latać	przylecieć	dk
latać	oblecieć	dk
latać	dolecieć	dk
latać	przelecieć	dk
leczyć	podleczyć	dk
leczyć	uleczyć	dk
leczyć	wyleczyć	dk
leczyć	zaleczyć	dk
lepić	nalepić	dk
lepić	przylepić	dk
lepić	ulepić	dk
lepić	zalepić	dk
lizać	liznąć	dk
lutować	dolutować	dk
lutować	oblutować	dk
lutować	odlutować	dk
lutować	polutować	dk
lutować	przylutować	dk
lutować	rozlutować	dk
lutować	wlutować	dk
lutować	wylutować	dk
lutować	zalutować	dk
lutować	zlutować	dk
machać	machnąć	dk
machać	namachać	dk
machać	odmachać	dk
machać	odmachnąć	dk
machać	pomachać	dk
machać	powymachiwać	dk
machać	rozmachać	dk
machać	rozmachnąć	dk
machać	wymachnąć	dk
machać	zamachać	dk
machać	zamachnąć się	dk
machać	zmachać się	dk
marnować	zmarnować	dk
marudzić	pomarudzić	dk
marudzić	zamarudzić	dk
marzyć	rozmarzyć	dk
marzyć	wymarzyć	dk
marzyć	zamarzyć	dk
maszerować	pomaszerować	dk
maszerować	przemaszerować	dk
maszerować	wmaszerować	dk
małpować	zmałpować	dk
miauczeć	miauknąć	dk
mierzić	zmierzić	dk
mierzyć	zmierzyć	dk
mieszać	wymieszać	dk
mieszać	rozmieszać	dk
mieszać	namieszać	dk
mieszać	przemieszać	dk
mieszać	wmieszać	dk
mieszać	pomieszać	dk
mieszać	zmieszać	dk
mieszkać	pomieszkać	dk
mieszkać	zamieszkać	dk
mieszkać	omieszkać	dk
mijać	pominąć	dk
milczeć	zamilknąć	dk
milczeć	zmilczeć	dk
modlić się	wymodlić	dk
mordować	zamordować	dk
mordować	wymordować	dk
mordować	pomordować	dk
mruczeć	zamruczeć	dk
mruczeć	pomruczeć	dk
mrugać	mrugnąć	dk
mrzeć	zemrzeć	dk
mrzeć	pomrzeć	dk
mrzeć	umrzeć	dk
mrzeć	wymrzeć	dk
myć	umyć	dk
myć	zmyć	dk
myć	domyć	dk
myć	obmyć	dk
myć się	umyć	dk
myć się	zmyć	dk
myć się	domyć	dk
myć się	obmyć	dk
nadchodzić	nadejść	dk
nadużywać	nadużyć	dk
nalewać	nalać	dk
namawiać	namówić	dk
napierdalać	zapierdolić	dk
napierdalać	napierdolić	dk
nazywać	pozwać	dk
nazywać	wyzwać	dk
niszczyć	zniszczyć	dk
nosić	donieść	dk
notować	zanotować	dk
notować	wynotować	dk
notować	odnotować	dk
obalać	obalić	dk
oceniać	ocenić	dk
odbijać	odbić	dk
odbijać	bijać	dk
odchodzić	odejść	dk
oddawać	oddać	dk
oddychać	odetchnąć	dk
odpoczywać	odpocząć	dk
odpoczywać	począć	dk
odpowiadać	powiedzieć	dk
odraczać	odroczyć	dk
ogarniać	ogarnąć	dk
ograniczać	ograniczyć	dk
okradać	okraść	dk
opisywać	opisać	dk
opowiadać	opowiedzieć	dk
opowiadać	poopowiadać	dk
opowiadać	powiedzieć	dk
opuszczać	opuścić	dk
organizować	zorganizować	dk
oskarżać	oskarżyć	dk
ostrzegać	ostrzec	dk
oszukiwać	oszukać	dk
pachnieć	zapachnieć	dk
padać	paść	dk
palić	dopalić	dk
palić	nadpalić	dk
palić	napalić	dk
palić	odpalić	dk
palić	opalić	dk
palić	podopalać	dk
palić	podpalić	dk
palić	ponadpalać	dk
palić	ponapalać	dk
palić	poopalać	dk
palić	popalić	dk
palić	poprzepalać	dk
palić	porozpalać	dk
palić	powypalać	dk
palić	pozapalać	dk
palić	przepalić	dk
palić	przypalić	dk
palić	rozpalić	dk
palić	spalić	dk
palić	upalić	dk
palić	wypalić	dk
palić	zapalić	dk
pamiętać	zapamiętać	dk
pamiętać	popamiętać	dk
panować	zapanować	dk
panować	opanować	dk
pełzać	wypełznąć	dk
pieprzyć	dopieprzyć	dk
pieprzyć	napieprzyć	dk
pieprzyć	odpieprzyć	dk
pieprzyć	opieprzyć	dk
pieprzyć	pieprznąć	dk
pieprzyć	podpieprzyć	dk
pieprzyć	popieprzyć	dk
pieprzyć	przypieprzyć	dk
pieprzyć	rozpieprzyć	dk
pieprzyć	spieprzyć	dk
pieprzyć	upieprzyć	dk
pieprzyć	wpieprzyć	dk
pieprzyć	wypieprzyć	dk
pieprzyć	zapieprzyć	dk
pierdzieć	pierdnąć	dk
pisać	napisać	dk
pisać	dopisać	dk
pisać	opisać	dk
pisać	przepisać	dk
pisać	zapisać	dk
pluć	wypluć	dk
pluć	opluć	dk
pluć	splunąć	dk
pluć	zapluć	dk
podchodzić	podejść	dk
podkradać	podkraść	dk
podlewać	polać	dk
podlewać	dolać	dk
podlewać	ulać	dk
podlewać	zalać	dk
podlewać	pozalewać	dk
podlewać	oblać	dk
podlewać	olać	dk
podnosić	podnieść	dk
polecać	polecić	dk
pomagać	pomóc	dk
pomagać	wspomóc	dk
poprawiać	poprawić	dk
poprzedzać	poprzedzić	dk
posiadać	posiąść	dk
powtarzać	powtórzyć	dk
połykać	przełknąć	dk
pożyczać	pożyczyć	dk
pożyczać	wypożyczyć	dk
prać	wyprać	dk
prać	sprać	dk
prać	uprać	dk
prać	naprać	dk
prać	przeprać	dk
prać	doprać	dk
prać	poprać	dk
produkować	wyprodukować	dk
proponować	zaproponować	dk
przepraszać	przeprosić	dk
przesadzać	przesadzić	dk
przesadzać	poprzesadzać	dk
przynosić	przynieść	dk
przypominać	zapominać	dk
przypuszczać	przypuścić	dk
próbować	spróbować	dk
próbować	wypróbować	dk
próbować	popróbować	dk
puszczać	puścić	dk
puszczać	dopuścić	dk
puszczać	napuścić	dk
puszczać	odpuścić	dk
puszczać	przepuścić	dk
puszczać	przypuścić	dk
puszczać	spuścić	dk
puszczać	upuścić	dk
puszczać	wpuścić	dk
puszczać	wypuścić	dk
puszczać	zapuścić	dk
pytać	spytać	dk
pytać	wypytać	dk
pytać	zapytać	dk
pędzić	popędzić	dk
pędzić	wypędzić	dk
pędzić	dopędzić	dk
pędzić	zapędzić	dk
pędzić	przepędzić	dk
pędzić	odpędzić	dk
pękać	pęknąć	dk
radzić	doradzić	dk
radzić	odradzić	dk
radzić	poradzić	dk
ratować	odratować	dk
ratować	poratować	dk
razić	zrazić	dk
razić	wrazić	dk
refować	orefować	dk
robić	dorobić	dk
robić	nadrobić	dk
robić	odrobić	dk
robić	podrobić	dk
robić	przerobić	dk
robić	urobić	dk
robić	wyrobić	dk
robić	zarobić	dk
rozróżniać	rozróżnić	dk
rozważać	rozważyć	dk
ruchać	ruchnąć	dk
ruchać	wyruchać	dk
ruchać	przeruchać	dk
ruchać	ruszyć	dk
ruszać	ruszyć	dk
ruszać	poruszyć	dk
ruszać	wyruszyć	dk
ryczeć	ryknąć	dk
ryczeć	zaryczeć	dk
ryczeć	wyryczeć	dk
rzec	orzec	dk
rzec	odrzec	dk
rzec	wyrzec	dk
rzucać	podrzucić	dk
rzucać	wyrzucić	dk
rzygać	rzygnąć	dk
rzygać	wyrzygać	dk
rzygać	obrzygać	dk
rzygać	narzygać	dk
rzygać	zarzygać	dk
rzygać	urzygać	dk
rzygać	zrzygać się	dk
rąbać	zarąbać	dk
rąbać	przerąbać	dk
rąbać	wrąbać	dk
rąbać	wyrąbać	dk
rąbać	rozrąbać	dk
rżeć	zarżeć	dk
sapać	sapnąć	dk
sarkać	sarknąć	dk
siadać	siąść	dk
siadać	dosiedzieć	dk
siadać	nasiedzieć	dk
siadać	obsiąść	dk
siadać	odsiedzieć	dk
siadać	osiąść	dk
siadać	podsiąść	dk
siadać	poobsiadać	dk
siadać	poosiadać	dk
siadać	poprzysiadać	dk
siadać	porozsiadać się	dk
siadać	posiąść	dk
siadać	posiedzieć	dk
siadać	powsiadać	dk
siadać	powsiąść	dk
siadać	powysiadać	dk
siadać	pozasiadać	dk
siadać	pozsiadać	dk
siadać	przesiąść	dk
siadać	przesiedzieć	dk
siadać	przysiąść	dk
siadać	rozsiąść się	dk
siadać	usiedzieć	dk
siadać	wsiąść	dk
siadać	współsiedzieć	dk
siadać	wysiąść	dk
siadać	wysiedzieć	dk
siadać	zasiadać	dk
siadać	zsiąść	dk
siać	posiać	dk
siać	rozsiać	dk
siać	zasiać	dk
siedzieć	zasiedzieć się	dk
siedzieć	usiąść	dk
siedzieć	usiedzieć	dk
siedzieć	posiedzieć	dk
siedzieć	wysiedzieć	dk
siedzieć	przesiąść się	dk
siedzieć	usiedzieć	dk
siedzieć	odsiedzieć	dk
siedzieć	przysiąść	dk
siedzieć	podsiąść	dk
siedzieć	dosiąść się	dk
sikać	zsikać się	dk
sikać	zasikać	dk
sikać	posikać się	dk
sikać	nasikać	dk
sikać	wysikać	dk
sikać	obsikać	dk
sikać	osikać	dk
skakać	skoczyć	dk
skakać	podskoczyć	dk
skakać	uskoczyć	dk
skracać	skrócić	dk
skrzypieć	skrzypnąć	dk
smażyć	podsmażyć	dk
smażyć	wysmażyć	dk
smażyć	obsmażyć	dk
smażyć	zasmażyć	dk
smażyć	odsmażyć	dk
spać	zaspać	dk
spać	uśpić	dk
spać	wyspać się	dk
spać	odespać	dk
spać	zasnąć	dk
spieprzać	spieprzyć	dk
sprawiać	sprawić	dk
srać	dosrać	dk
srać	nasrać	dk
srać	obesrać	dk
srać	obsrać	dk
srać	osrać	dk
srać	podesrać	dk
srać	posrać się	dk
srać	przesrać	dk
srać	przysrać	dk
srać	usrać się	dk
srać	wysrać	dk
srać	zasrać	dk
srać	zesrać się	dk
strzelać	ostrzelać	dk
strzelać	postrzelić	dk
strzelać	rozstrzelać	dk
strzelać	ustrzelić	dk
strzelać	wystrzelić	dk
strzelać	zastrzelić	dk
szaleć	oszaleć	dk
szaleć	zaszaleć	dk
szantażować	zaszantażować	dk
szczać	obszczać	dk
szczać	zeszczać się	dk
szczać	poszczać się	dk
szczać	naszczać	dk
szczać	wyszczać się	dk
szczać	oszczać	dk
szczać	zaszczać	dk
szczekać	rozszczekać się	dk
szczuć	poszczuć	dk
szczuć	zaszczuć	dk
szukać	poszukać	dk
szukać	przeszukać	dk
szukać	wyszukać	dk
szukać	odszukać	dk
sądzić	odsądzić	dk
sądzić	osądzić	dk
sądzić	posądzić	dk
sądzić	przesądzić	dk
sądzić	przysądzić	dk
sądzić	rozsądzić	dk
sądzić	wysądzić	dk
sądzić	zasądzić	dk
tańczyć	obtańcować	dk
tańczyć	przetańczyć	dk
tańczyć	wytańczyć	dk
tańczyć	zatańczyć	dk
tonąć	utonąć	dk
tonąć	zatonąć	dk
trzaskać	trzasnąć	dk
trzebić	przetrzebić	dk
trzebić	wytrzebić	dk
trzymać	dotrzymać	dk
trzymać	otrzymać	dk
trzymać	podtrzymać	dk
trzymać	pootrzymywać	dk
trzymać	potrzymać	dk
trzymać	powstrzymać	dk
trzymać	pozatrzymywać	dk
trzymać	przetrzymać	dk
trzymać	przytrzymać	dk
trzymać	utrzymać	dk
trzymać	wstrzymać	dk
trzymać	wytrzymać	dk
trzymać	zatrzymać	dk
tworzyć	stworzyć	dk
tęsknić	zatęsknić	dk
tęsknić	potęsknić	dk
tęsknić	stęsknić się	dk
tłumaczyć	wytłumaczyć	dk
tłumaczyć	przetłumaczyć	dk
uczyć	nauczyć	dk
uczyć	oduczyć	dk
uczyć	wyuczyć	dk
uczyć	douczyć	dk
uczyć	przeuczyć	dk
uderzać	uderzyć	dk
ufać	zaufać	dk
ukrywać	ukryć	dk
umierać	umrzeć	dk
uprawiać	uprawić	dk
uwielbiać	uwielbić	dk
używać	użyć	dk
wiać	powiać	dk
wierzyć	uwierzyć	dk
więznąć	uwięznąć	dk
wkurwiać	wkurwić	dk
wonieć	zawonieć	dk
wołać	przywołać	dk
wracać	wrócić	dk
wspominać	wspomnieć	dk
wstawać	postawić	dk
wybuchać	wybuchnąć	dk
wykorzystywać	skorzystać	dk
wymiotować	zwymiotować	dk
wystarczać	wystarczyć	dk
wysyłać	wysłać	dk
wąchać	dowąchać	dk
wąchać	nawąchać	dk
wąchać	obwąchać	dk
wąchać	powąchać	dk
wąchać	przewąchać	dk
wąchać	wywąchać	dk
wąchać	zwąchać	dk
włączać	łączyć	dk
zachodzić	zajść	dk
zaczynać	zacząć	dk
zakładać	założyć	dk
zamarzać	zamarznąć	dk
zamykać	zamknąć	dk
zapierdalać	pierdolnąć	dk
zapierdalać	odpierdolić	dk
zapierdalać	opierdolić	dk
zapierdalać	podpierdolić	dk
zapierdalać	popierdolić	dk
zapierdalać	porozpierdalać	dk
zapierdalać	przepierdolić	dk
zapierdalać	przypierdolić	dk
zapierdalać	rozpierdolić	dk
zapierdalać	spierdolić	dk
zapierdalać	upierdolić	dk
zapierdalać	wpierdolić	dk
zapierdalać	wypierdolić	dk
zapierdalać	upierdolić	dk
zapierdalać	zapierdolić	dk
zapominać	zapomnieć	dk
zapominać	zapomnieć się	dk
zarabiać	zarobić	dk
zasługiwać	zasłużyć	dk
zdobić	ozdobić	dk
zdobić	przyozdobić	dk
zerkać	zerknąć	dk
zimować	przezimować	dk
zmartwychwstawać	zmartwychwstać	dk
zmieniać	zmienić	dk
znajdować	znaleźć	dk
znać	poznać	dk
znać	zaznać	dk
znać	uznać	dk
znosić	donieść	dk
ćpać	ćpnąć	dk
ćpać	naćpać się	dk
ćpać	oćpać się	dk
ćpać	wyćpnąć	dk
ćpać	zaćpać	dk
ćwiczyć	wyćwiczyć	dk
ćwiczyć	wyćwiczyć się	dk
ładować	doładować	dk
ładować	naładować	dk
ładować	obładować	dk
ładować	odładować	dk
ładować	podładować	dk
ładować	powyładowywać	dk
ładować	pozaładowywać	dk
ładować	przeładować	dk
ładować	przyładować	dk
ładować	rozładować	dk
ładować	turbodoładować	dk
ładować	władować	dk
ładować	wyładować	dk
ładować	załadować	dk
ładować	zładować	dk
ściągać	ściągnąć	dk
śledzić	wyśledzić	dk
śledzić	prześledzić	dk
śmierdzieć	zaśmierdzieć	dk
śpieszyć	pośpieszyć	dk
śpieszyć	pospieszyć	dk
śpiewać	zaśpiewać	dk
śpiewać	odśpiewać	dk
śpiewać	wyśpiewać	dk
śpiewać	dośpiewać	dk
żałować	pożałować	dk
żyć	przeżyć	dk
żyć	ożyć	dk
żyć	odżyć	dk